#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves - new"
(Let's get into the Yves' mv filming!)
(But there are too many girls...)
Kim Lip: Hi~
ViVi: We came out to wear a down coat!
(Five girls are boasting of their new down coat!)
Kim Lip: Tada~
Kim Lip: You can see LOOΠΔ logo here.
Choerry: The best!
JinSoul: I knew it... Our company is the best!
JinSoul: And.. a new girl of LOOΠΔ is here.
Choerry: Right!
(Here she is! Yves!)
Yves: Don't zoom in on me~
Kim Lip, JinSoul: Yves.
(Anyway, let's go to shoot Yves' music video with a new down coat!)
Kim Lip: I heard her MV filming is about to begin!
Choerry: Fighting!
HaSeul: Shall we go?
Kim Lip: Ah... the wind...
HaSeul: We have to enjoy this cold!
HaSeul: (Feeling guilty) Why is the weather getting colder? because of me?
Kim Lip: How are you feeling?
Yves: I'm not...cold...
(What a soulless answer...)
(Yves' MV filming just begins!)
(She is shivering with the piercing cold...)
(Let's go, hot packs!)
(LOOΠΔ Leader's club following everywhere Yves goes)
HaSeul: Come out!
Kim Lip: Phew... she looks so cold!
HaSeul: There is a reason why we're here
Kim Lip: Right! To take care of her!
(LOOΠΔ Leaders is so reliable!)
Kim Lip: Instead of a manager!